'Frank Baum and W. B. Denslow wrote "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz" as a children\'s book. The house had been painted, but the sun and the rains washed it away, and now it is as dull and gray as everything else. Aunt Em came to live there to live with her husband, Henry, who was gray and thin and gaunt, and she never smiled. Dorothy Toto fell into the trap-door and Dorothy rescued him. The cyclone set the house down in a country of beautiful flowers and birds. Dorothy killed the wicked Witch of the East, who had held the Munchkins in bondage for many years, and now they are grateful to her for the favour.  Dorothy wants to go to the City of Emeralds, but she doesn\'t know how to get there. She will have to live with the Munchkins and the Wicked Witch. Dorothy and Toto are going to the Emerald City to ask the great Oz how to get back to Kansas. Dorothy is on her way to the Emerald City of Oz. She is walking through a country of Munchkins. She has to pass through rough and dangerous places before she reaches the end of her journey.  Dorothy is going to the Emerald City to ask Oz to send her back to Kansas. The Scarecrow was made yesterday. He is afraid of lighted matches. Dorothy came from Kansas and she tells the Scarecrow a story about her life in Oz. The Scarecrow was made a little while ago. The farmer carried him to the cornfield and set him up on a tall stick. Crows and other birds came to eat the corn. Dorothy and Toto could not see at all in the dark, but they could follow the road. Dorothy and Toto are lost in a forest. The Scarecrow leads them to a little cottage, where they spend the night. The next day they go to a spring, where Dorothy drinks and bathed and eats breakfast. The Tin Woodman\'s joints are badly rusted Dorothy and the Tin Woodman are on their way to the Emerald City, to see the great Oz. Dorothy wants Oz to send her back to Kansas, and the Scarecrow wants him to put a few brains into his head, so that he might not become lonely. The Tin The Tin Woodman wants to marry a pretty Munchkin girl. The wicked Witch of the East enchanted his axe and cut off his left leg. He went to a tin-smith and had a new leg made out of tin. She also enchanted his arms and legs and split his Dorothy and Toto are walking through the forest. The road is paved with yellow brick, but the walking is difficult. There were few birds in this part of the forest, but now and then there was a deep growl from some wild animal. Dorothy and her companions are Dorothy\'s dog, Toto, is a dog made of tin or stuffed. The Lion is a coward. He is going to the great Oz to ask him to give him courage and send Dorothy and Toto back to Kansas. The journey to the Great Oz was difficult for the Tin Woodman because his jaws were badly rusted. The Lion offered to kill a deer for Dorothy. The Cowardly Lion will try to carry Dorothy, Toto and the Tin Woodman across the gulf. Dorothy, Toto, the Tin Woodman, the Scarecrow and the Cowardly Lion are travelling through a dark forest. They are about to cross a river, when they are attacked by Kalidahs, who want to kill them. The Scarecrow, Tin Wood Dorothy, Toto, the Cowardly Lion and the Tin Woodman are rafting down a river to get to the Emerald City. The raft got stuck in the mud at the bottom of the river. The current carried them away from the road and they had to swim Dorothy, the Tin Woodman and the Cowardly Lion are going to the Emerald City. They lost the Scarecrow in the river. A Stork rescued him and carried him to the bank. Dorothy fell asleep among the poppies. The Tin Woodman, the Scarecrow and the Lion want to get back to the road of yellow brick before dark. The Lion wants to leave the sleeping girl there, but the Woodman and Scarecrow will not let him. The Queen of the Mice escaped from the Wildcat and was rescued by the Tin Woodman, who made a truck out of the limbs of trees. Toto woke up from his sleep and ran towards the group. The Queen ordered the mice to go and get all her people. They came from all directions and there were thousands of them: big mice and little mice and middle-sized mice. The Cowardly Lion was sleeping among the poppies. The Queen of the Mice rescued him from death. Dorothy and Toto are on their way to the Land of Oz to see the Great Oz. They passed by several houses painted green, but no one came near them nor spoke to them because of the great Lion, of which they are afraid. They will stop at the next Dorothy, Toto, the Scarecrow, the Tin Woodman, the Cowardly Lion and the Munchkins came to the Great Oz to see the Wizard Oz. Dorothy wants him to give her brains, courage and heart. She also wants to go back to Kansas Dorothy wants to see the Great Oz. The Guardian of the Gates takes her to the Palace of Oz, but first she has to put on the spectacles. Dorothy, Toto, the dog, the Tin Woodman, the Lion, the Scarecrow and the Lion are visiting Oz. They are staying in the Palace for several days. Oz will grant them an audience each day, but each one of them must enter his presence alone Dorothy went to the Throne Room to see Oz, the Great and Terrible, because she wants to go back to Kansas to see her aunt and uncle. Oz, the Great and Terrible, wants Dorothy to kill the Wicked Witch of the West in order to send her back to Kansas. Oz sent a soldier with the green whiskers to the Tin Woodman. The soldier led him to the great Throne Room and bade him enter the presence of Oz. Oz was in the shape of a terrible Beast. Oz gave a low growl at the Woodman and told Dorothy, the Lion, the Tin Woodman and the Scarecrow are going to the Wicked Witch of the West to kill her. Dorothy, Toto and the Lion left the Emerald City and were walking in the country of the West. Dorothy\'s dress was changed from green to white. There was a pack of wolves following them, but the Tin Woodman and the Scarecrow fought them off. The King Crow attacked the Scarecrow. The King Crow died. The Scarecrow twisted the necks of the crows. Dorothy and the Lion got up and the girl helped the Tin Woodman put the straw back into the scarecrow again.  The Wicked Witch called the Winged Monkeys for the third and last time. They destroyed Dorothy, the Tin Woodman, the Scarecrow and the Lion. They carried Dorothy to the Wicked Witch\'s castle and set her on the front door step. The Wicked Witch made Dorothy her slave and made her work hard in her castle. Dorothy and Toto had to work hard to escape from the castle. The Wicked Witch of the West wanted to steal Dorothy\'s shoes, but she was too afraid of water to take them off except at night and when she took a bath. Dorothy destroyed one of the shoes by melting it with a bucket of water. She took the other one and put it The yellow Winkies rescued their friends, the Tin Woodman and the Scarecrow, from the Wicked Witch. Dorothy called the tinsmiths, who worked for three days and four nights, hammering and twisting and bending and polishing and pounding at the legs and body and head The Tin Woodman and the Winkies rescued the Scarecrow from the tree. Dorothy and her friends spent a few happy days at the Yellow Castle. They will start for the Emerald City tomorrow. The Cowardly Lion, Dorothy, the Scarecrow, the Tin Woodman, Toto and the Queen of the Mice have lost their way to the Emerald City. Dorothy will call the Winged Monkeys, who will take them to the City of Oz. The leader of the Winged Monkeys tells Dorothy a story about his people living in the great forest. They were a free people, flying from tree to tree, eating nuts and fruit, and enjoyed every minute of the day. There was a princess, Gayelette, who lived in Dorothy and the other travellers came back to the Emerald City after destroying the Wicked Witch of the West. Dorothy and her friends are in the Throne Room of the Great Oz. Oz promised to send Dorothy back to Kansas when the Wicked Witch was destroyed. Oz fooled the Scarecrow, Dorothy, Toto and the Tin Woodman into thinking he was a wizard. He is a ventriloquist and a balloonist. He was born in Omaha, Kansas. The Emerald City was built by Oz many years ago. Oz has been good to the people, and they like him, but ever since the Palace was built he has shut himself up and would not see any of them. Oz is a bad Wizard, but he can\'t keep his promises. Dorothy wants to go back to Kansas. Oz wants her to stay with him for two or three days. The Tin Woodman wants to take the Scarecrow\'s head off. The Scarecrow wants to get his brains back. Oz made a heart out of silk and stuffed with sawdust. He put a patch on the Tin Woodman\'s breast. He made a drink out of a green bottle and a green-gold dish. He gave it to the Cowardly Lion, who drank it. Oz is going to cross the desert in a hot air balloon to visit his brother Wizard in the clouds. Dorothy is going with him. Dorothy wanted to go with Oz in the hot air balloon, but the ropes broke and the balloon went into the air without her. Toto had run into the crowd, so Dorothy picked him up and ran to the balloon. The Tin Woodman wiped away Dorothy\'s tears. Dorothy wants to travel to the Land of the South and ask Glinda to help her cross the desert. Glinda is the most powerful of all the Witches and rules over the Quadlings. Dorothy and her friends are going back to Kansas. They are going to the Land of the South. The Tin Woodman made a ladder out of wood to climb over a high wall in the forest. The Scarecrow, Dorothy, Lion and Toto passed under the tree without injury, except for Toto, who was caught by a branch. Dorothy and the Scarecrow are travelling through a country made entirely of china. There are many people living there, some of them very beautiful and others very strange. They must cross a river to get to the other side. Dorothy, the china lady, the princess and the travellers are walking through a china country, full of bogs and marshes and covered with tall, rank grass. Mr. Joker, one of the clowns, is always trying to stand upon his head. Dorothy Dorothy, Toto, the Lion, the Woodman and the Scarecrow were walking through the forest. They heard the growling of wild animals. The animals were meeting to decide how to take care of themselves. They are threatened by a great spider that has recently come into The travellers passed through the forest in safety. They are going to the country of the Quadlings. There they will meet the Winged Monkeys who will carry them over the hill. Dorothy came to the Land of Oz to see Glinda, the Good Witch. The road to the Castle of Glinda is not a great way, but they will soon reach it thanks to the good will of the farmer\'s wife. Glinda allowed Dorothy and the others to Dorothy, the Good Witch, Glinda the Good and the Tin Woodman, the Lion and the Scarecrow are leaving the country to go back to Kansas. Glinda instructs the Winged Monkeys to carry Dorothy to her forest. Dorothy flew through the air and landed on the broad Kansas prairie. Uncle Henry was milking the cows, Toto was running towards the barnyard, and Aunt Em was watering the cabbages.'
